docs: Provide more info on custom state attributes (#62)
ash-project/ash_state_machine: documentation/tutorials/getting-started-with-ash-state-machine.md

end
```

## Declaring a custom state attribute

By default, a `:state` attribute is created on the resource that looks like this:

```elixir
attribute :state, :atom do
  allow_nil? false
  default AshStateMachine.Info.state_machine_initial_default_state(dsl_state)
  public? true
  constraints one_of: [
    AshStateMachine.Info.state_machine_all_states(dsl_state)
  ]
end
```

You can change the name of this attribute, without declaring an attribute yourself, like so:

```elixir
state_machine do
  initial_states([:pending])
  default_initial_state(:pending)
  state_attribute(:alternative_state) # <-- save state in an attribute named :alternative_state
end
```

If you need more control, you can declare the attribute yourself on the resource:

```elixir
attributes do
  attribute :alternative_state, :atom do
    allow_nil? false
    default :issued
    public? true
    constraints one_of: [:issued, :sold, :reserved, :retired]
  end
end
```

> Be aware that the type of this attribute needs to be `:atom` and the `default` and `constraints[:one_of]` options need to be correct!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware that the type of this attribute needs to be `:atom` or a type created with `Ash.Type.Enum`. Both the `default` and list of values need to be correct! 
```
